Cloud HSM usage guide (and small fixes to validator guide) (#3833)
celo-org/celo-monorepo: packages/docs/getting-started/running-a-validator-in-baklava.md

celocli releasegold:authorize --contract $CELO_VALIDATOR_RG_ADDRESS --role validator --signature 0x$CELO_VALIDATOR_SIGNER_SIGNATURE --signer $CELO_VALIDATOR_SIGNER_ADDRESS
```

> {% hint style="info" %} The first time you authorize a validator signer for a ReleaseGold account the signer address is funded 1 cGLD to cover tx fees. Any subsequent validator signers you authorize will not be funded. {% endhint %}

Author: @alecps pulled in your change here.. thanks!

> {% hint style="info" %} The first time you authorize a validator signer for a ReleaseGold account the signer address is funded 1 cGLD to cover tx fees. Any subsequent validator signers you authorize will not be funded. {% endhint %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %} The first time you authorize a validator signer for a ReleaseGold account the signer address is funded 1 cGLD to cover transaction fees. Any subsequent signer keys you authorize will not be funded, and you will need to transfer a nominal amount of cGLD to them from other accounts. {% endhint %}
```

```bash
# On your local machine

> celocli account:create-metadata ./metadata.json --from $CELO_VALIDATOR_RG_ADDRESS

Reviewer: nice, thank you for fixing these.. the inconsistent prefixes are rough
